[DOC] Add new section on Kafka Bridge (#1668)
strimzi/strimzi-kafka-operator: documentation/book/con-overview-of-kafka-bridge.adoc

The API consists of two resources -- `consumers` and `topics` -- that together provide several endpoints to interact with consumers and producers in your Kafka cluster. You can: 

* Send messages to a topic.

* Create and delete consumers.

* Subscribe consumers to topics, so that they start receiving messages from those topics.

* Unsubscribe consumers from topics.

* Assign partitions to consumers.

* Retrieve messages from topics.

* Commit a list of consumer offsets.

* Seek on a partition, so that a consumer starts receiving messages from the first or last offset position, or a given offset position.

Similar to a Kafka Connect cluster, you can choose to deploy the Kafka Bridge into your {ProductPlatformName} cluster using the Cluster Operator. For deployment instructions, see LINK **Deploying the {ProductName} Kafka Bridge to {ProductPlatformName}**.

After the Kafka Bridge is deployed, the Cluster Operator creates a Deployment, Service, and Pod in your {ProductPlatformName} cluster, each named `strimzi-kafka-bridge`.

> == Supported clients

Author: Agreed. I've create a new concept module for this.

// Module included in the following assemblies:
//
// assembly-using-the-kafka-bridge.adoc

[id='con-overview-of-kafka-bridge-{context}']
= Overview of the {ProductName} Kafka Bridge

The {ProductName} Kafka Bridge provides a REST API for integrating HTTP-based clients with a Kafka cluster running on {ProductPlatformName}. You can use it to integrate clients that do not have a Kafka client library and so cannot transfer data using the native Kafka protocol.

> The Kafka Bridge API consists of two resources -- `consumers` and `topics` -- that together provide several endpoints for interacting with Kafka consumers and producers. You can use the API to: 

Reviewer: @laidan6000 
```suggestion
The Kafka Bridge API consists of two resources -- `consumers` and `topics` -- that together provide several endpoints to interact with Kafka consumers and producers. You can use the API to: 
```

> * Send messages to a topic or partition.

Reviewer 2: When you send message to a topic, you are always sending message to a partition in that topic so the "or" should not be there.

Author: That's why my brain seems to prefer the term "topic partition"! :D

I'll change to "topic" in all cases like this.

* Create and delete consumers.

* Subscribe consumers to topics, so that they start receiving messages from those topics.

* Unsubscribe consumers from topics.

* Assign partitions to consumers.

* Retrieve messages from topics.

* Commit a list of consumer offsets.

> * Perform seek operations on consumers, so that they start receiving messages from the first or last offset position, or a given offset position.

Reviewer 2: Actually the seek operations are executed "on a topic partition" by consumers but not "on consumers".

Author: Changed to: "Seek on a partition, so that the consumer starts receiving messages from the first or last offset position, or a given offset position."
